# Readme

## Further learning resources

- Spring in Action, 6th ed., by Craig Walls (Manning, 2021). I recommend continuing your reading on Spring with this
book. You will start with a refresher on what you learned in Spring Start Here and continue learning a variety of
projects that are part of the Spring ecosystem. You’ll find excellent discussions on Spring Security, asynchronous
communication, Project Reactor, RSocket, and using Spring Boot’s actuator.

- Spring Security in Action by Laurenţiu Spilcă (Manning, 2020). Securing apps is a paramount subject you need to learn 
right after you finish with the basics. You find a detailed discussion on using Spring Security to protect your app from 
different kinds of attacks by properly implementing authentication and authorization in this book.

- Spring Boot Up and Running by Mark Heckler (O’Reilly Media, 2021). Spring Boot is one of the most important projects 
in the Spring ecosystem. Most teams today use Spring Boot to ease the implementation of their Spring apps. This is also 
why we used Spring Boot in more than half the chapters of this book. Once you finish with the basics, I recommend you to
take a deep dive into the details of Spring Boot. I found this book to be an excellent resource for a developer learning 
Spring.

- Reactive Spring by Josh Long (self-published, 2020). In my projects, using a reactive approach for implementing web 
apps comes with great advantages. Long discusses these advantages and demonstrates how to properly implement Spring 
reactive apps in this book. I recommend you read this book after reading Spring in Action by Craig Walls.

- JUnit in Action by Cătălin Tudose (Manning, 2020). As we discussed in chapter 15, it’s important to test your
application. In this book, we discuss the basics of testing Spring apps. But as this subject is so complex, it deserves 
its own book. Catalin discusses testing Java apps in detail in this book. I recommend you read this book to strengthen
your knowledge of writing tests.

- Learning SQL, 3rd ed., by Alan Beaulieu (O’Reilly Media, 2020). In chapters 12 through 14, we discuss implementing the
Spring app’s persistence layer. In these chapters, I use SQL queries, assuming you already know the SQL basics. If you 
need a refresher on SQL, I recommend you read this book, which details all the essential SQL techniques you need to use
in most apps.

- OCP Oracle Certified Professional Java SE 11 Developer Complete Study Guide by Jeanne Boyarsky and Scott Selikoff 
(Sybex, 2020). To start learning Spring, you need to apply most of the basics. But we sometimes need to refresh our 
knowledge even on the most fundamental syntaxes and techniques. Jeanne and Scott’s book for the OCP exam preparation is
the first one I use to remember the basic syntaxes, and I always read the latest edition when I prepare to upgrade my 
OCP certification.

- Spring Framework playlist on my YouTube channel. If you enjoy video tutorials and live events, you can find me on my 
YouTube channel (youtube.com/c/ laurentiuspilca) discussing Java subjects. You find a full playlist on Spring here: 
http://mng.bz/yJQE. Subscribe to the channel to get notified when I post new videos or schedule new live events.

- My blog (laurspilca.com/blog). Aside from my YouTube channel, you’ll find me writing articles on my blog. I recommend 
you follow the blog, where you can read different articles on Java topics.